I said in my heart come now I will test
I said in my heart come now I will test you with mirth therefore enjoy pleasure
you with mirth therefore enjoy pleasure
you with mirth therefore enjoy pleasure but surely this also was vanity I said
but surely this also was vanity I said
but surely this also was vanity I said of laughter madness and of mirth what
of laughter madness and of mirth what
of laughter madness and of mirth what does it accomplish I searched in my
does it accomplish I searched in my
does it accomplish I searched in my heart how to gratify my flesh with wine
heart how to gratify my flesh with wine
heart how to gratify my flesh with wine while guiding my heart with wisdom and
while guiding my heart with wisdom and
while guiding my heart with wisdom and how to lay hold on folly till I might
how to lay hold on folly till I might
how to lay hold on folly till I might see what was good for the sons of men to
see what was good for the sons of men to
see what was good for the sons of men to do under heaven all the days of their
do under heaven all the days of their
do under heaven all the days of their lives
lives
lives I made my works great I bit myself
I made my works great I bit myself
I made my works great I bit myself houses and planted myself vineyards I
houses and planted myself vineyards I
houses and planted myself vineyards I made myself gardens and orchards and I
made myself gardens and orchards and I
made myself gardens and orchards and I planted all kinds of fruit trees in them
planted all kinds of fruit trees in them
planted all kinds of fruit trees in them I made myself water pools from which to
I made myself water pools from which to
I made myself water pools from which to water the growing trees of the Grove I
water the growing trees of the Grove I
water the growing trees of the Grove I acquired male and female servants and
acquired male and female servants and
acquired male and female servants and had servants born in my house yes I had
had servants born in my house yes I had
had servants born in my house yes I had greater possessions of herds and flocks
greater possessions of herds and flocks
greater possessions of herds and flocks than all who were in Jerusalem before me
than all who were in Jerusalem before me
than all who were in Jerusalem before me I also gathered for myself silver and
I also gathered for myself silver and
I also gathered for myself silver and gold and the special treasures of Kings
gold and the special treasures of Kings
gold and the special treasures of Kings and of the provinces I acquired male and
and of the provinces I acquired male and
and of the provinces I acquired male and female singers the delights of the sons
female singers the delights of the sons
female singers the delights of the sons of men and musical instruments of all
of men and musical instruments of all
of men and musical instruments of all kinds
kinds
kinds so had to came great and excelled more
so had to came great and excelled more
so had to came great and excelled more than all who were before me in Jerusalem
than all who were before me in Jerusalem
than all who were before me in Jerusalem also my wisdom remained with me whatever
also my wisdom remained with me whatever
also my wisdom remained with me whatever my eyes desired I did not keep from them
my eyes desired I did not keep from them
my eyes desired I did not keep from them I did not withhold my heart from any
I did not withhold my heart from any
I did not withhold my heart from any pleasure for my heart rejoiced in all my
pleasure for my heart rejoiced in all my
pleasure for my heart rejoiced in all my labor this was my reward from all my
labor this was my reward from all my
labor this was my reward from all my labor then I looked on all the works
labor then I looked on all the works
labor then I looked on all the works that my hands are done and on the labor
that my hands are done and on the labor
that my hands are done and on the labor in which I had toiled and indeed all was
in which I had toiled and indeed all was
in which I had toiled and indeed all was vanity and grasping for the wind there
vanity and grasping for the wind there
vanity and grasping for the wind there was no profit under the Sun then I
was no profit under the Sun then I
was no profit under the Sun then I turned myself to consider wisdom and
turned myself to consider wisdom and
turned myself to consider wisdom and madness and folly for what can the man
madness and folly for what can the man
madness and folly for what can the man do who succeeds the king only what he
do who succeeds the king only what he
do who succeeds the king only what he has already done then I saw that wisdom
has already done then I saw that wisdom
has already done then I saw that wisdom excels folly as light excels darkness
excels folly as light excels darkness
excels folly as light excels darkness the wise man's eyes are in his head but
the wise man's eyes are in his head but
the wise man's eyes are in his head but the fool walks in darkness yet I myself
the fool walks in darkness yet I myself
the fool walks in darkness yet I myself perceived that the same event happens to
perceived that the same event happens to
perceived that the same event happens to them all so I said in my heart as it
them all so I said in my heart as it
them all so I said in my heart as it happens to the fool it also happens to
happens to the fool it also happens to
happens to the fool it also happens to me and why was I then more wise then I
me and why was I then more wise then I
me and why was I then more wise then I said in my heart this also is vanity
said in my heart this also is vanity
said in my heart this also is vanity well there is no more remembrance of the
well there is no more remembrance of the
well there is no more remembrance of the wise than of the fool for ever since all
wise than of the fool for ever since all
wise than of the fool for ever since all that now is will be forgotten in the
that now is will be forgotten in the
that now is will be forgotten in the days to come and how does a wise man die
days to come and how does a wise man die
days to come and how does a wise man die as the fool
as the fool
as the fool therefore I hated life because the work
therefore I hated life because the work
therefore I hated life because the work that was done under the Sun was
that was done under the Sun was
that was done under the Sun was distressing to me for all is vanity and
distressing to me for all is vanity and
distressing to me for all is vanity and grasping for the wind then I hated all
grasping for the wind then I hated all
grasping for the wind then I hated all my labor in which I had toiled under the
my labor in which I had toiled under the
my labor in which I had toiled under the Sun because I must leave it to the man
Sun because I must leave it to the man
Sun because I must leave it to the man who will come after me and who knows
who will come after me and who knows
who will come after me and who knows whether he will be wise or a fool yet he
whether he will be wise or a fool yet he
whether he will be wise or a fool yet he will rule over all my labor in which I
will rule over all my labor in which I
will rule over all my labor in which I toiled and in which I have shown myself
toiled and in which I have shown myself
toiled and in which I have shown myself wise under the Sun this also is vanity
wise under the Sun this also is vanity
wise under the Sun this also is vanity therefore I turned my heart and
therefore I turned my heart and
therefore I turned my heart and despaired of all the labor in which I
despaired of all the labor in which I
despaired of all the labor in which I had toiled under the Sun for there is a
had toiled under the Sun for there is a
had toiled under the Sun for there is a man whose labor is with wisdom knowledge
man whose labor is with wisdom knowledge
man whose labor is with wisdom knowledge and skill yet he must leave his heritage
and skill yet he must leave his heritage
and skill yet he must leave his heritage to a man who has not labored for it this
to a man who has not labored for it this
to a man who has not labored for it this also is vanity and a great evil for what
also is vanity and a great evil for what
also is vanity and a great evil for what has man for all his labor and for the
has man for all his labor and for the
has man for all his labor and for the striving of his heart with which he has
striving of his heart with which he has
striving of his heart with which he has toiled under the Sun for all his days
toiled under the Sun for all his days
toiled under the Sun for all his days are sorrowful and his work burdensome
are sorrowful and his work burdensome
are sorrowful and his work burdensome even in the night his heart takes no
even in the night his heart takes no
even in the night his heart takes no rest this also is vanity nothing is
rest this also is vanity nothing is
rest this also is vanity nothing is better for a man than he should eat and
better for a man than he should eat and
better for a man than he should eat and drink and that his soul should enjoy
drink and that his soul should enjoy
drink and that his soul should enjoy good in his labour this also I saw was
good in his labour this also I saw was
good in his labour this also I saw was from the hand of God for who can eat or
from the hand of God for who can eat or
from the hand of God for who can eat or who can have enjoyment more than I for
who can have enjoyment more than I for
who can have enjoyment more than I for God gives wisdom and knowledge and joy
God gives wisdom and knowledge and joy
God gives wisdom and knowledge and joy to a man who is good in his sight but to
to a man who is good in his sight but to
to a man who is good in his sight but to the sinner he gives the work of
the sinner he gives the work of
the sinner he gives the work of gathering and collecting that he may
gathering and collecting that he may
gathering and collecting that he may give to him who is good before God this
give to him who is good before God this
give to him who is good before God this also is vanity and grasping for the wind
also is vanity and grasping for the wind
also is vanity and grasping for the wind you
you
you [Music]